OKTA-1177842 - Update references to ITP naming to remove with Okta API (#6171)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/terraform-manage-itp/main/index.md

#### **What you need**

> * An Okta Identity Engine org that's subscribed to Identity Threat Protection (also limited support to Okta orgs with Adaptive MFA)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An Okta Identity Engine org that's subscribed to ITP (also limited support to Okta orgs with Adaptive MFA)
```

## Identity Threat Protection resources

> Identity Threat Protection (ITP) is a continuous identity threat detection and response solution that detects and responds to threats as they occur. ITP continuously evaluates users and their sessions, receiving risk signals from the Okta risk engine and security event providers. When ITP identifies changes in a user's risk, network zone, device, or behavior, it launches automated mitigation and remediation actions, such as Universal Logout. See [Identity Threat Protection](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-itp-overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ITP is a continuous identity threat detection and response solution that detects and responds to threats as they occur. It continuously evaluates users and their sessions, receiving risk signals from the Okta risk engine and security event providers. When ITP identifies changes in a user's risk, network zone, device, or behavior, it launches automated mitigation and remediation actions, such as Universal Logout. See [Identity Threat Protection](https://help.okta.com/okta_help.htm?type=oie&id=ext-itp-overview).
```
